Welcome to new follow by
epping this time with the chip that's one
knife in credit card format comes from
onlineshop gifts punkt.de goes
Look at it all the different
gadgets and products
and now to the following products said
he credit cards better that's what he looks like
Here's just got out again but
now for the first time to see the instructions
It is also normal as you are then
so far after so he then from the
credit card to the knife becomes the only one
Manko the instructions are unfortunately not
in German but only in English
language
but actually the pictures should be yes
had explained himself
and now I'll show you how to do that
field but that's what it looks like here
The top is flat and secure take
may be the do not sound goes out to
he just expresses so daily now
It just makes you go upstairs outside
so then you make the small receiver
right the big one to the left and those are
so that the small 1 latch holes pressure
on it and the knife is complete
finished and of course it's great too
transport
just when you just take that one
You always have a wallet
a very nice knife, so to speak
Good sounds very well processed
has been completely water
waterproof exactly does not cost anything
the materials have been used as materials
do not rust and now I'll show you
so just a quick test
Now I show you as I said the
Try cutting times with the credit cards
better we just cut here now
sometimes a piece of apple really cuts
very good and as I said is great
to take along like just 13 grams and
you have a sound length of 65
centimeters
So that's all right
Neatly you have to say
Of course you have to pay attention
age recommendation on is from 18
I am not a toy for children
just a real knife but straight
when you are on the road and you said
want to cut my apple or what
not wanting to be different with fast one
always around him big knife with but
Can he get these credit cards better
just take a wallet
packed and you always have it with you
a really funny and practical gadget
from the company presents punkt.de looks
time on it and something from me to
next episode with kings